##ZeroOne
ZeroOne is a very simple programming language inspired by the [theory of concatenative combinators](http://tunes.org/~iepos/joy.html).

###Acknowledgements
Special thanks to William Tanksley, Jr. for his patience and correspondence. Additional thanks to the
contributors on the [concatenative mailing list.](https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/concatenative/info). 

###Why?
In the language ZeroOne the following strings are valid programs: "1", "0", "10", "11", 
"10001111010101010101010111101", "" (the empty string). Actually any string consisting of 1's and 0's is a
valid program!

Using the ZeroOne parser on any bitstring will generate a valid ZeroOne program. The program can
then be evaluated by giving it some input (which, not coincidentally, can be the output of another program!)

What program is generated by a given bitstring depends on what
 you have chosen the mappings for the two symbols 0 and 1 to be
(all other characters are simply ignored). Various clever mappings have been proposed.

Example mapping (purely for illustration, the default mapping provided may be different than this):

`1 --> k`

`0 --> [[q] [nil]] [z]`

TODO: add more documentation here

###Building and Using

This implementation of ZeroOne is written in Scala. 
1. Install Scala's [Simple Build Tool](http://www.scala-sbt.org/0.13/docs/Setup.html)
2. Cone this git repository
3. `cd zeroone`
4. `sbt console`
5. `import zeroone._; import ZeroOne._; import eval._`
6. `implicit val mySymbolMap = SymbolMaps.defaultMapping` //you can specify any mapping of you like, but a default has been provided here
7. `mySymbolMap foreach println //so you can see what programs the 0 and 1 symbols denote`
6. `val myProgram = parse("0 01 01")`
7. `myProgram.eval(Data.Input.empty)`

Currently, an evaluated program will always return either:
* a (possibly empty) list of quotations which can be fed into another program.
* an exception

In the future, this evaluation mechanism will be replaced (hopefully) with a more pure exceptionless design

##License
This software is hereby released into the public domain. No warranties are expressed or implied.